if you've been watching this show this
month you know that I have become
entranced with a town in Newfoundland a
small town there are only about 1,500
residents of this town but what makes it
stand out in a big way is the name which
apparently was the subject of an early
90s profile on the CBC about a thousand
people live in this little fishing
village on Trinity Bay it's similar to
hundreds of other villages on
Newfoundland East Coast except for one
thing its name it's called dildo a word
that has come to mean an artificial
penis yes it has indeed come to mean
that the name actually attracts some
people in this town tests have been
known to come here only to have their
picture taken
standing beside this sign
I hope that's his profile picture on
tinder now I've been doing a lot of
research about dildo and they have an
annual event there just ended called
dildo days every summer they have skins
scavenger hunts and dances stay away
from the cup of chatter and the dildo
sticky pudding now 13:32
dildo these sounds like a lot of fun not
as much fun as dildo nights but dildo
gays pill is more of a family event
we are here in dildo for dildo days
joining me we have long time volunteer
Daisy Smith as well as the master of the
suf Eric James and you're heavily
involved in dildo days yes we are what's
your favorite part of dildo days I love
the fireworks that's my favorite thank
you so very much you're welcome
well that's what's happening here in
your community in dildo for dildo days
women types of it's and it's well Jesse
and they have fireworks and then there's
even a dildo days parade and this year
they had a special grand marshal I would
just say maybe a couple of things number
one is spend more time on your knees
than on the Internet
right right right right thank you thank
you anyway we are gonna be chatting with
the folks in dildo tomorrow the dildo
Tian's as they are known that is how
they like to be known and if all goes
well we may permanently move the show
there so if you like that video then put
a ring on it click the subscribe button
below
Oh